welcome viewers this is wind shear
finally bringing you some battlefield
hardline beta footage now I need to
preface this entire video by stating for
first time I'm actually not posting
gameplay from my experience of my point
of view this is from a friend of mine
run into my knife XD a fellow youtube a
start-up channel very bellow guy very
chill guy and a beast players i want to
thank him for providing this footage to
allow me to give you an opportunity to
give you my take on the gameplay I but
want to do this just didn't want to put
up footage of other games and what
actually talk about the footage as I
play here he's coming up on a nice
little little love to man kill there
with it uz which has some terrible iron
sights I am still on the beta waiting
list who enjoyed this game so whenever
EA deems it important enough to give out
some more beta codes hopefully i'll get
some first-hand gameplay of this buzz
been curious watching everybody report
all those other YouTube channels already
diving into the weapon stats and weapon
comparisons or i should say stats but
weapon comparisons and going right into
the details of this game and i just want
to be like whoa guys let's let's just
take a minute and absorb what we've seen
here because i feel like everybody's
just rushing head-on into this with just
way too much detail and i just want to
kind of give my impressions of what I've
seen on the sidelines of this game again
I haven't played it so it's just what
I've seen in the game and can we
dispersed acknowledge the fact of where
did this game come from there were no
rumors of another battlefield title
being released this year of course
battlefield 4 has been through its
trials and tribulations and thankfully
now it's running much better running
right where it should be and you can
check out my video detailing that I
think it's pretty much running fall
asleep oint time but battlefield
hardline we had no idea that any
battlefield any other battlefield titles
were coming the big rumor was bad
company 3 well obviously that's not the
case but battlefield hardline does
was leaked and as quickly confirmed and
next thing you know we got beta unlocked
it's like that the half the guys I know
didn't even know we had access to a beta
because they just kind of like oh by the
way if you guys won't play beta here's
100 keys take them you know so anyways
some little taken back by the fact that
this game is coming out this year and
I'm a little concerned about that
because you know normally there's a
little bit of buildup to game's release
I mean battlefield for this time last
year we were all drooling over the
twitch streams and really looking
forward to I feel like this game just
based on how quickly it's been put
together that's copper red flag I'm a
little bit apprehensive a baby you know
I want it to be good I'm all about more
games and enjoyable game content I'm
never going to say no to more games but
again I want it to be a quality
experience and like I say the time
practice games been put out a little bit
let's just say a little bit weary and I
know a lot of you guys are as well given
the launch about peel for but I think
again with this content now running off
the Frostbite engine or this game rang
off the Frostbite engine I think you're
good to see a really improvement and
look in the quality gameplay although I
have seen some footage in particular I'm
jackfrags video I made a comment that I
did see a pretty bad neck code kill
where I got he was clearly behind cover
until got killed so you know I'm prank
your knife turn up your controller
sensitivity bro my god how was it taking
you turn around that's a little Swatton
his face he plays all really low
sensitivity but he posts he's more
accurate that way which is true but as
supposed to be i play on mac sensitivity
but you know not all of us could be true
did you know hardcore controller freak
players you know but yeah let's just
talk about the gameplay you're a little
bit up again I'm not getting into load
outs and specifics and you know you guys
know not enough about that from other
channels what I'm just seeing here let's
just talk about the graphics traffic bad
because I'm a little concerned I know
this may be beta and you know it could
be approved but I just this looks to me
like a diluted version a battlefield for
now right here's an example some
different takes to the gameplay he just
may laid a guy he's apparently please
spin and he interrogated this guy's so
now he's seeing all the mini map of
where the enemy is that you know it's
Kevin
example of an interesting spin on how
they're taking the gameplay here yeah
well are not that's gonna stick around
we'll see there's some other
controversial issues about like the self
urban provide for example that's a
straight red puffle call duty I'm sorry
uh like the last Dan Burke you know how
to be no but I guess it's even worse
than that in some respects but it you
know some i'll raise some controversy
around this title but you know i'm just
talking about the graphics the visuals
of the game there's something I can't
quite put my finger on it and I don't
want to be negative here it's it did the
game looks promising i'm all about
having the opportunity for some close
quarters combat because i feel like
battlefield 4 is really suffered in that
area a team deathmatch i can't even play
on battlefield 4 it's not nearly as it
good as it wasn't battlefield 3 and I
feel like a lot of maps really do cater
to longer range engagements so I would
like to see some some cqb stuff come to
the battlefield frostbite engine and
hopefully the dragon's teeth which oddly
enough we've heard very little about
lately me and I supposed to come out
next month no information of all about
that I'm a little worried on that but
again graphics is aren't everything but
I just I feel like that that's my
biggest criticism right now in this game
played just it looks like it's a step
backwards to me for some reason it looks
like a counter-strike of type of
graphics thing like particularly with
the weapon design of how the weapons
look now they sound good i'll give it
credit for that but an iron sights oh
god I mean why did I even have them on
these on this game but all in all these
maps interesting layouts on them they
look about the right size although I
think they still seem a little bit big I
have noticed very little destruction
there are some token l'évolution events
like that crane comin down that you saw
a knife traversing through but although
I just feel like it's not what I'm used
to seeing with the battlefield type
genre you know with battlefield 3 is my
experience bad company 2 you know this
is something new which which I welcome
I'm just kept try it and see as he comes
up here and his objective I'm not quite
sure why the policeman and had the same
objective as the robbers I mean they're
supposed to steal money to it seems
strange to me I would think the
policeman's core objective in this game
would be to just
target the robbers but you know I could
be cautiously optimistic about this game
let me know what you guys think in the
comments about the graphics in
particular do you think it's really on
par the gameplay just kept the same got
to play it to try it but all in all you
know I'm curious about this game again
I'm cautiously optimistic about it
hopefully it's a good game thanks for
watching guys I will have hopefully more
content on was to get a free